which is but but playing a lot of to
high zone has not been in their their
base their base package and a lot of
stuff they've been doing okay everything
I wanted to ask you about I showed you a
YouTube clip at your locker the other
day of an interview you did after the
draft with the CBS affiliate out in San
Francisco he said the guy asked you if
you were disappointed you wouldn't be a
49er and he had a great line about how
not as disappointed as they'll be that
they didn't draft you
I understand it's 8 years ago so what do
you think when you see the San Francisco
49ers today I don't have the same
feeling that I did you know that
interview I did was was probably right
after I did my interview at the podium
back there back kind of behind the green
room I got picked Bobby 20 minutes
earlier it was an emotional day as a
long day at the time you know I wanted
to play right away and improve the other
22 teams and I got picked 24th or
actually it might have been less than
that Washington now I should have won
pick but I believe the Raiders had two
picks in the first 24 NiO say I want to
prove the other teams that passed on me
that they made a mistake and I look at
it differently now I mean this is this
is where I would have wanted to be at I
and I had I known what I know now about
the kind of working environment this is
the opportunities I would be I would be
given the the coaching staff that was
going to be here I mean I interviewed
Mike McCarthy he was in San Francisco
you know they picked me you know both
our lives are changed because not
because of me getting picked by them but
that's mistake he ever made but what
would you know what would have happened
had you know had they picked me and
things been differently I don't like
doing the whole what-if game I just I
just know that I'm really really glad
that I fell into God's country here in
Wisconsin and
had the opportunity to uh to spend my
early years the way I did and and have
gotten the opportunity now to be a
starter and and play for this team
there's still a little bit left there
right though I mean you did say when you
accepted your MVP trophy last year at
the Super Bowl
thanks for drafting me yeah that was
more of my Mike McCarthy like a little
humor here a little humor a little humor
I was a little nervous up there with
Peyton Manning and everybody looking at
me I just don't really do great in those
situations I didn't have zooey deschanel
next to me Kenna right making jokes or
anything so by the way I talked to the
guy who did that interview with you he
said that they have a counter that shows
how many times they run that and that
that snippet on their news 61 times
since 2005 16 Wow slow days out there
what um what about the idea of playing a
candlestick though regardless of the
opponent you know Kevin I won't be there
I